USER:
_id:           string
firstName:     string
lastName:      string
friends:       Array<Friend>
email:         string
password:      string
picturePath:   string ref
location:      string
occupation:    string
viewedProfile: number
impressions:   number

POST:
_id:             string
userId:          string ref
firstName:       string
lastName:        string
location:        string
description:     string
userPicturePath: string ref
picturePath:     string ref
likes:           object<string ref>
comments:        Array<string>

FRIEND (Sub Doc):
_id:         string
firstName:   string
lastName:    string
picturePath: string ref
occupation:  string
location:    string